disable_mlock must now be explicitly included in config (#29974)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/concepts/production-hardening.mdx

- **Be aware of special container considerations**. To use memory locking
  (mlock) inside a Vault container, you need to use the `overlayfs2` or another
  supporting driver.

> -	**Consider memory usage when configuring disable_mlock with integrated storage**.
>   When `disable_mlock` is set to false (i.e., `mlock` is enabled), Vault prevents
>   memory from being swapped to disk. This enhances security by ensuring sensitive
>   Vault data remains in RAM, but it increases the risk of out-of-memory (OOM) errors
>   if the system is under-provisioned. Conversely, setting `disable_mlock` to `true`
>   allows the operating system to swap memory to disk under pressure, which can
>   reduce the likelihood of OOM conditions but introduces a potential risk of
>   secrets being exposed through the swap file. Encrypting swap is one possible
>   way of preventing the swap from being inspected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-	**Consider memory usage when configuring `disable_mlock` with integrated storage**.
  When you leave `mlock` enabled, Vault disallows data swaps from memory to disk.
  Disallowing swaps ensures that sensitive data remains in RAM, but also
  increases the risk of out-of-memory (OOM) errors in under-provisioned systems.
  Conversely, disabling `mlock` lets the operating system swap memory to disk
  under pressure, which can reduce the risk of OOM errors but increase the
  exposure risk for secrets that end up in the swap file. If you choose to
  disable `mlock`, we recommend encrypting your swap file to limit the exposure
  risk.
```

Style correction: write in active voice
